Add documentation on SCE content (#7309)
ComplianceAsCode/content: docs/manual/developer/06_contributing_with_content.md

Whenever possible, please reuse the macros and form high-level
simplifications.

### SCE Check Content

[SCE](http://www.open-scap.org/features/other-standards/sce/) is a mechanism

> for running arbitrary scripts while delivering them via the same Datastream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for running arbitrary scripts while delivering them via the same data stream
```
